Russian t-90 and American image
a person not an initiate might think
what are the machines of different classes 390
47 tons much lighter than American
against 64 it is much more compact at
looks not so impressive
however, in the global arms markets these
cars direct competitors this is due
and in similar combat potential
today evaluate the security of the machine
simple comparison of the thickness of the armor can not
need to know what it is in armor
and brahms used depleted uranium
she t-90 built-in dynamic protection
according to the Americans frontal armor
and brahms proved its reliability in
during the wars in iraq 91 and 2003 she
withstand hitting the Soviet
125 caliber armor piercing shells
millimeters it does not say that
what we are talking about this masks shot with
armament is still seventy third year
moreover
modern shells on games
did not shoot frontal armor then 90
test time fired newest
sabot cumulative shells
equal in effectiveness by the most
modern projectile 120 mm
guns and brahms able to 200 meters
the tank was fired six shells
after that the car came under its own power
to the observation deck
then, without repairing the bartco and 90
framed perfected
grenade launcher the same result
the armor is not pierced damaged only
side screens at the same time in
during the fighting in iraq in 2003
March and Brahms made their way from rpg-7
grenades even the very first samples in
iraq revealed a weak spot and brahms
tank auxiliary power unit
ensuring the work of all electronics in
the moment when the main engine
drown out it is easy to hit
from large-caliber machine gun at t-90 in
force is under the main armor
besides 390 even in standard
performance are equipped with a complex
opto-electronic curtain suppression
this system takes away enemy missiles
abrams side of such equipment
dueling situations an american tank is unlikely
whether will be able to resist
guided missile t-90 launched
through the throat the barrel cannon is working
distance of 95 kilometers
firing accuracy in this case
approaching absolute
rocket can shoot from place and
movements to the same for its use
no special skills required
gunner
power of guns in the 90s Brahms approximately
equivalent armor penetration
domestic projectile core of
tungsten
in no way inferior to its competitor
American projectile core from
depleted uranium
similar shells were developed and
us but they are extremely harmful for the crew
their mass production was postponed
for a rainy day
the tank must be able to destroy not only
armored targets but also as they say
military tanks dangerous living force ie
rocket launchers and tour calculations in this before
90 far superior
Abrams pipe and our tank kit
shells include shrapnel
remote blasting
you can blow it right over your heads
enemy soldiers or even near combat
helicopters like shells from Abrams
no for a long time not without the help of western
military journals it was thought that
electronics and optical devices of ours
tanks mildly not perfect on
actually complex fire control
t-90 is not inferior to NATO
analogues more
this tank belongs to the unofficial
record of accuracy and rate of fire
shooting at a demonstration distance
foreign delegations
gunner t-90s for fifty four
seconds hit 7 real targets
located at ranges
from one and a half to two and a half
kilometers firing on the move at speed
at 25 kilometers per hour
official record holder german leopard
2 similar conditions affects one target
less thanks to guided missiles
t-90 has the longest hand in
tank world early options t-90
Abrams inferior in mobility with
the appearance of a thousand strong engines our
the tank is almost on par with brahms
therefore the most important indicator
and on terrain, these two tanks in general
cannot be compared
at the arms exhibition in abu dhabi
ninety-third year
Abram immediately sleep lost a caterpillar on
the usual slope of the exhibition tankodrome
and ours on competitive tests passed
almost three thousand kilometers along
impassable malay jungle by
all the roads are stuck in it
competitor he showed himself perfectly and
we enter the march through the Indian desert Tar
heat exceeding 50 degrees is indispensable
demand in the combat technology of the future
high informatization of machines near
future on the t-90 will install a new
satellite navigation equipment such
way and bronze lose your
last advantage over our
tanks today t-90
superior to brahms by most
indicators
but their correspondence competition ends
possibilities of their modernization are practically
exhausted
and the battlefield will soon be released tanks
next generation